#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
adal==1.2.7
    # via msrestazure
ansible==5.7.1
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
ansible-core==2.12.5
    # via
    #   ansible
    #   elasticluster (setup.py)
apache-libcloud==3.5.1
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via openstacksdk
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   jsonschema
autopage==0.5.0
    # via cliff
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   elasticluster (setup.py)
azure-core==1.24.0
    # via azure-mgmt-core
azure-mgmt-compute==26.1.0
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
azure-mgmt-core==1.3.0
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
azure-mgmt-network==19.3.0
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
azure-mgmt-resource==21.1.0
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
babel==2.10.1
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
bcrypt==3.2.2
    # via paramiko
boto==2.49.0
    # via
    #   elasticluster (setup.py)
    #   google-compute-engine
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
cliff==3.10.1
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-neutronclient
cmd2==2.4.1
    # via cliff
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via schema
cryptography==36.0.2
    # via
    #   adal
    #   ansible-core
    #   elasticluster (setup.py)
    #   openstacksdk
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
    #   secretstorage
debtcollector==2.5.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   openstacksdk
distro==1.7.0
    # via google-compute-engine
dogpile-cache==1.1.5
    # via openstacksdk
future==0.18.2
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
google-api-core==2.7.3
    # via google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.47.0
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
google-auth==2.6.6
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-compute-engine==2.8.13
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
googleapis-common-protos==1.56.0
    # via google-api-core
httplib2==0.20.4
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.3
    # via requests
ipaddress==1.0.23
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
iso8601==1.0.2
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
isodate==0.6.1
    # via msrest
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via ansible-core
jmespath==1.0.0
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   warlock
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via warlock
keystoneauth1==4.5.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via jinja2
msgpack==1.0.3
    # via oslo-serialization
msrest==0.6.21
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.6.4
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
munch==2.5.0
    # via openstacksdk
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   elasticluster (setup.py)
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-neutronclient
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via
    #   elasticluster (setup.py)
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
openstacksdk==0.61.0
    # via
    #   os-client-config
    #   osc-lib
os-client-config==2.1.0
    # via python-neutronclient
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==2.5.0
    # via python-neutronclient
oslo-config==8.8.0
    # via
    #   oslo-log
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-context==4.1.0
    # via oslo-log
oslo-i18n==5.1.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo-log==4.8.0
    # via python-neutronclient
oslo-serialization==4.3.0
    # via
    #   oslo-log
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo-utils==4.13.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   oslo-utils
paramiko==2.10.4
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
pbr==5.9.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   elasticluster (setup.py)
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   stevedore
prettytable==3.3.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-novaclient
protobuf==3.20.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycli==2.0.3
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycrypto==2.6.1
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
pyjwt==2.3.0
    # via adal
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via python-glanceclient
pyparsing==3.0.8
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   httplib2
    #   oslo-utils
    #   packaging
pyperclip==1.8.2
    # via cmd2
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-cinderclient==8.3.0
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   adal
    #   oslo-log
python-gflags==3.1.2
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
python-glanceclient==3.6.0
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
python-keystoneclient==4.4.0
    # via
    #   elasticluster (setup.py)
    #   python-neutronclient
python-neutronclient==7.8.0
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
python-novaclient==17.7.0
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   elasticluster (setup.py)
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   cliff
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-config
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   adal
    #   apache-libcloud
    #   azure-core
    #   elasticluster (setup.py)
    #   google-api-core
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   msrest
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via msrest
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
resolvelib==0.5.4
    # via ansible-core
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via oslo-config
rsa==4.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
scandir==1.10.0
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
schema==0.7.5
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
secretstorage==2.3.1
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via
    #   elasticluster (setup.py)
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-neutronclient
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   msrestazure
    #   munch
    #   oauth2client
    #   paramiko
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   warlock
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
subprocess32==3.5.4
    # via elasticluster (setup.py)
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via azure-core
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
warlock==1.3.3
    # via python-glanceclient
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   debtcollector
    #   python-glanceclient

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
